function_decl getData3: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data2: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl ptrval: 
integer_cst 64: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
function_decl getData2: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl ptrval: 
integer_cst 64: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
function_decl getData3: 
statement_list : 
cleanup_point_expr : 
expr_stmt : 
convert_expr : 
modify_expr : 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl val: 
integer_cst 32: 
integer_type : 
type_decl int: 
integer_cst 32: 
integer_cst -2147483648: 
integer_cst 2147483647: 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl k: 
reference_type : 
integer_type : 
type_decl int: 
integer_cst 32: 
integer_cst -2147483648: 
integer_cst 2147483647: 
integer_cst 64: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl ptrval: 
integer_cst 64: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
function_decl getData4: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
integer_cst 0: 
function_decl getData5: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data2: 
integer_cst 64: 
addr_expr : 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl perm: 
integer_cst 256: 
record_type : 
type_decl Data2: 
function_decl getData6: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
integer_cst 0: 
function_decl getData1: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Object1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl tmp2: 
integer_cst 64: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
function_decl getData2: 
return_expr : 
init_expr : 
result_decl : 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
integer_cst 64: 
component_ref : 
indirect_ref : 
parm_decl this: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Object1: 
integer_cst 64: 
field_decl tmp2: 
integer_cst 64: 
pointer_type : 
record_type : 
type_decl Data1: 
function_decl func1: 
return_expr : ptr1, 
init_expr : ptr1, 
result_decl : ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
cond_expr : ptr1, 
ne_expr : ptr1, 
integer_cst 0: ptr1, 
var_decl k: ptr1, 
integer_cst 32: ptr1, 
integer_type : ptr1, 
type_decl int: ptr1, 
integer_cst 32: ptr1, 
integer_cst -2147483648: ptr1, 
integer_cst 2147483647: ptr1, 
integer_cst 0: ptr1, 
component_ref : ptr1, 
indirect_ref : ptr1, 
parm_decl this: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Object1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
field_decl tmp1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
component_ref : ptr1, 
indirect_ref : ptr1, 
parm_decl this: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Object1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
field_decl tmp2: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
function_decl func2: 
return_expr : ptr1, 
init_expr : ptr1, 
result_decl : ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
component_ref : ptr1, 
indirect_ref : ptr1, 
parm_decl this: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Object1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
field_decl tmp1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
function_decl func3: 
return_expr : ptr1, 
init_expr : ptr1, 
result_decl : ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
pointer_plus_expr : ptr1, 
test43.cpp: In member function 'Data1* Object1::func3(Data1*) const':
test43.cpp:82:23: warning: Using variable 'this->tmp1' without checking for null pointer
         return &tmp1[1];
                       ^
component_ref : ptr1, 
indirect_ref : ptr1, 
parm_decl this: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Object1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
field_decl tmp1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 64: ptr1, 
pointer_type : ptr1, 
record_type : ptr1, 
type_decl Data1: ptr1, 
integer_cst 72: ptr1, 
